hi everyone so today
I showed how to turn windows
7 or windows 8 in troicki 4 so I
need a skin pack I would put you
it will come from registration for the
download it is obviously
free so once you have
downloaded you launch it you have a
course loading so here we are
on the app or done next there you
are obliged to accept in order to be able to
to continue is like what you are
okay s kiddies guys like me you
so here he proposes to download and
to install pop
so what about browsers me that
do not interest me so what I do
it's I click here next so two
grindstones not install but also that which does not
do not address me so I click club and I
Do the same
so here we go really
facilities even so see you
finally proposes they go all the elements
that he will install
so he will install icons
so that's sliders theme and so of
after
so you do install once
the facility is donated that puts you
like what so small
the installation is finished so you
do next there is you restart
now or so you were hitting
later
I advise you directly of the
do so you click on finish and the
machine will restart automatically
so we can see the theme has already been
installed and therefore a reboot
will allow to completely see the theme
so as to see the wallpaper has
changed so we have the new logo
android so kit kat
we can also killer luring himself who has
changed then this famous cursor moves there
I think it's nice enough I'm going to celebrate
this one for example here they overlook the
left side is like that it overlooks the
right
pass small features that
I noticed there is probably
others invite to see them in the
options which is so option on wii
yes it's all new pointer that
have been added I already have good quibble
his fame and come back so see cl
slider lan normally does not exist and
using this theme so they've been
added
when you can see the bar of
tasks was therefore to that mother was
placed above
if you do not like what you
can do is look at hawks and the
did not julio facts if she locked
you unlock and you can the
put back underneath so you hold
the left click up and then we go so
simply that the cursor has to maintain
to put it back
good my heart will come if I think that
I'm on a virtual machine at
cesti the doc quests i do not know it's
what a little intox a fake wood
so regarding the icons you
see they have changed all but
otherwise your windows stays the same so
your files not be moved that's
the appearance of windows in the same
If so I changed my lien2 scription
to download the little quine here
also the questions then always the
even put them in the comments
here in case you want it
uninstall will simply suffice
to go into programs and
features and therefore delete
this one so what is not they
capture one towards an inversion and this
so see had settled today
and at the same time and so here